Enhance TiDB login descriptions - EN (#6427)
pingcap/docs: post-installation-check.md

{{< copyable "shell-regular" >}}

```shell
mysql -u root -h ${tidb_server_host_IP_address} -P 4000
```

> `${tidb_server_host_IP_address}` is one of the IP addresses set up for `tidb_servers` when you [initialize cluster tepology files](/production-deployment-using-tiup.md #Step 3 Initialize cluster tepology files), such as `10.0.1.7`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`${tidb_server_host_IP_address}` is one of the IP addresses set for `tidb_servers` when you [initialize the cluster topology file](/production-deployment-using-tiup.md#step-3-initialize-cluster-topology-file), such as `10.0.1.7`.
```
If you check the linked doc, you'll know there's only one topology file.
